Update contract section to include language around non-PostHog drafte… (#9342)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/contracts.md

For customers who want to sign up for an annual (or longer) plan there is some additional paperwork needed to capture their contractual commitment to a minimum term, and likely custom pricing as well. At a minimum, they should sign an Order Form which references our standard [terms](/terms) and [privacy notice](/privacy). In addition, they may want a custom Master Services Agreement (MSA) or Data Processing Agreement (DPA).

> > If a customer wants to vary either our DPA, BAA, or MSA terms, it is a substantial effort for our legal team to review these changes.  At a minimum, we should only do this for contracts above $20k a year, and even higher if they are asking for big changes (e.g. adding a Service Level Agreements). The minimum is 100K to bring your own contract (vs our template). See Non PostHog Contracts below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If a customer wants to vary either our DPA, BAA, or MSA terms, it is a substantial effort for our legal team to review these changes.  At a minimum, we should only do this for contracts above $20k a year, and even higher if they are asking for big changes (e.g. adding a Service Level Agreements). The minimum is $100k to bring your own contract instead of our template - see 'Non PostHog Contracts' below.
```

5. You'll get a notification when everybody has signed it - _don't forget to update the *BAA Signed Date* property on the HubSpot company record,_ so we can keep track of who we have signed a BAA with.

> We only provide our default BAA for Teams plan subscribers - customization requires >$20k annual spend. The BAA only remains active for as long as the customer is subscribed to Teams - if they unsubscribe, we send them a message that their BAA will become inactive at the end of the month in which they cancelled. If the lead is not sure whether they will need a custom BAA and their usage wouldn't put them at $20K, then it is worth pushing them to get legal feedback by sending them our BAA before moving forward, else you risk spending a lot of time on an evaluation that ends up at $450/month.

## Non-PostHog contracts

> If a customer requests to use a non-PostHog drafted contract for DPA, MSA, Order Form or BAA generally we avoid doing this as it adds too much risk for us. We usually would not even consider this for deals not above $100k or for extremely blue chip companies like Apple etc. It is best to manage this expectation early and just avoid entertaining the idea with customers as soon as possible. An exception to this rule is for NDAs usually we are totally fine to sign a companies NDA. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a customer requests to use a non-PostHog drafted contract for DPA, MSA, Order Form or BAA generally we avoid doing this as it adds too much risk for us. We usually would not even consider this for deals not above $100k or for extremely blue chip companies. It is best to manage this expectation early and just avoid entertaining the idea with customers as soon as possible. An exception to this rule is for NDAs usually we are totally fine to sign a companies NDA. 
```
